

NOTE: If you are viewing this file through an up-to-date version of XM6 Pro-68k,
the clipboard should contain a possible game name (based on recently inserted
floppy images) that can be used to search this file.


Overview:

This document contains useful information about X68000 games and software,
such as key bindings and how to create user disks or access special modes.
It does not purport to be comprehensive. It is updated frequently.

Occasionally, advice for playing a particular game will also be provided.
Typically this is only done for games where the language barrier affords
a nearly insurmountable obstacle for those unable to read Japanese.

Brought to you by http://mijet.eludevisibility.org/Preservation/
Please consider contributing to our preservation project which, along with
XM6 Pro-68k emulator development, has been the impetus behind this document.

No websites are authorized to rehost this text, so don't bother asking.
Since it is a work in progress, you would be doing your users a disservice
by posting a soon-to-be-outdated copy anyway. (This is not an invitation
to scrape it.)


Caveats:

Cheats are not normally included.

Button labeling is not necessarily consistent for controllers.

Ubiquitous input conventions, such as XF1/XF2 for actions or ten-key (numpad)
for movement, will not necessarily be documented herein. RAM requirements will
not be noted unless they exceed 2 MB.


General Tips:

Holding OPT.1 while booting will override the boot order.

A blank (but formatted) disk will sometimes work as a user disk.

Most software exclusively use the ten-key pad for directional input.

ESC is commonly used to pause the game or to cancel / return from submenus.

HELP often changes the screen mode. You may need to hold it down while loading.

Games often use the extended function keys, which are not available on modern
keyboards. Typically a joystick will work instead, but another solution is to
remap those keys in a separate emulator configuration.

Some games require particular keys to be held down to access special modes
or enable features. In XM6, you can hold down any number of keys simultaneously
in the virtual keyboard by right-clicking. Note that in a few cases you will
need to start holding down the keys after rebooting in order for it to register.

Arcade ports sometimes have major gameplay changes when in export mode.

Before messing around with horizontal stretching in an emulator, first check
if the game you are playing has any wider CRT modes available in the options.
Capcom games in particular tend to default to narrower modes.



	A-Jax / エー・ジャックス

Keyboard controls:

     2D    3D
     ----  ----
XF3  Shot  Shot
XF4  Bomb  Missile (no function during the Stage 5 boss battle)
XF5  Pow   Shot

8 W  Up
4 A  Left
6 D  Right
2 X  Down



	After Burner / アフターバーナー

Omake:

To access the omake mode, you must boot Disk I from the second drive.
Failing to do so can cause Space Harrier to crash, possibly mid-game.

Type "FLI" at the prompt to run a primitive flight simulator demo.

To play Space Harrier with analog joystick/mouse support, type "HAR"
at the prompt. Next, insert Space Harrier into Drive 0 and then press
any key to start. During play, OPT.1 switches to analog joystick mode.
OPT.2 will switch back to mouse mode, which is the default.



	Akumajou Dracula / 悪魔城ドラキュラ

Boot Disk B to create a user disk or install to a hard drive.
A writable copy of Disk B can function in place of a user disk.
To play without a user disk, press Return (or Enter) when prompted.

If MIDI support is detected, you must select the type of audio to use:

1:   FM (OPM)
2: MIDI (LA)
3: MIDI (GS)

There is also a hidden option: hold down XF1 and G for MIDI (GM).

Controls:

  Jump: Z or Button A
Attack: X or Button B

Setting the Trigger Flip option to Reverse will swap the above controls.

Press Attack while holding Up to use an item (requires and expends hearts).

If enabled, the Start button pauses the game whereas Select moves the cursor.



	Alshark / アルシャーク

Hold down HELP as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).

The Data Disk can be used as a user disk. (Please don't do this with originals.)
The ＵＤフォーマット option under the システム menu simply duplicates the Data Disk.



	Aquales / アクアレス

Boot the Data Disk from Drive 0 to create a user disk.

Controls:

Fire: Button A  XF1  Space
Jump: Button B  XF2

Press Fire and Jump simultaneously while pressing Down to open the weapon menu.

There are several critical maneuvers that can be accomplished while jumping.

Hold Fire or Jump to speed up the cinematic scenes.
Press both simultaneously to skip a scene entirely.

Press HELP to toggle the 15 kHz mode. The entire screen won't fit, however.

Press SHIFT+BREAK to end the game.



	Arcus II -Silent Symphony- / アークスⅡ サイレント・シンフォニー

Boot Disk IV from Drive 0 for some omake content, including a commercial for
Arcush. The original intent was probably for the user to press RESET after
completing the game, at which point Disk IV would be in the correct drive.

Keyboard controls:

F1 pauses the game but you have to tap it quickly to unpause successfully.
HELP toggles screen stretching and also affects screen brightness slightly.
ENTER or Return open the menu and typically cancel. The space bar confirms.



	Arcus Odyssey / アークス・オデッセイ

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).

Keyboard controls:

    U L R D Attack Item/Spell
    ------- ------ -----
1P: 8 4 6 2 OPT.1  OPT.2
2P: P L : . XF1    XF2

General controls:

Hold down Attack to block. You can then press the other button/key for the menu.
The ESC key will also open the menu.



	Arkanoid: Revenge of D-O-H / Revenge of DOH / アルカノイド・リベンジ・オブ・Ｄ・Ｏ・Ｈ

Certain rounds will have different layouts on occasion.

XM6: If the game crashes, try using a higher CPU clock rate.



	Asuka 120%: BURNING Fest. / あすか 120% / あすか１２０％

Interface controls:

Return:  Button A  OPT.1  XF1
Confirm: Button B  OPT.2  XF2

XF1 and XF2 don't work for certain menus. Return often functions like Confirm.

Keyboard controls:

   1P     2P
 -----  -----
 7 8 9  T Y U
 4   6  G   J
 1 2 3  B N M
 OPT.1   XF1
 OPT.2   XF2

Keyboard controls won't function unless selected in the options.


HDD installation:

Insert Disk A into Drive 0 and then enter the following command:

A:          (where A is the drive letter corresponding to Drive 0)
INSTALL X:  (where X is the drive letter of the destination HDD)

Next press any key to begin installing. Eventually you will be told to insert
Disk B into Drive 0. After doing so, press any key to resume the installation.

You must boot Disk A to play from a hard drive installation, in most cases.



	Atomic Robo-Kid / アトミック・ロボキッド

Hold down F1 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).



	Bahnwelt, Die / Die Bahnwelt / バーンウェルト

Press CLR to open the menu during the game.

Boot the Ending Disk (either drive will work) for a music mode. Hold down one of
F1 - F4 as the background picture finishes displaying to select the audio type:

F1: FM - X68000 internal audio only
F2: RM - Like FM but uses MIDI for rhythm/percussion sounds
F3: CM - Linear Arithmetic MIDI (also uses FM synthesis to an extent)
F4: GM - General MIDI

A script for HDD installation is available on the System Disk: Bwsys\HDINST.BAT



	*Battle Chess

Do not press the CPY key.



	Bonnou Yobikou 2 / 煩悩予備校２

There is an on-disk text file explaining that MIDI support was not implemented,
contradicting the manual. There do not appear to be any MIDI files on the disks.



	*Bosconian / ボスコニアン

The Music Test Mode does not include all the music.

The arranged game ends after Round 48; the original game after Round 99.

Keyboard controls:

Fire: XF1 XF2 Space HELP

The ten-key pad diagonals are functional.

Do not press the CPY key.



	Bretonne Lais / ブルトン・レイ

You can skip the opening by booting Game Disk 1 from the first drive.

To create a user disk, first select the second option of the main menu to access
the utility menu. From the utility menu, select the fifth option (ユーザーディスクの作成)
to format a disk in the second drive to be used as a user disk. You will still
need to add scenarios and characters to this disk, as described below.

From the utility menu, select the second option (プレイシナリオの作成) to add scenarios
to the user disk. At this point you will be instructed to insert Game Disk 2
into the first drive and the user disk into the second drive before selecting
the first option (作成) to proceed.

You should see a list of scenarios. Select one and then choose a destination
slot (there are five) on the user disk. The specific slot does not matter,
except when overwriting an existing scenario, because the scenarios will be
sorted when displayed. Continue adding scenarios as desired, then select the
second option or press ESC.

When you are finished, you will be instructed to reinsert Game Disk 1.

Finally, select the third option (キャラクターの作成) to create a character to be used
in a particular scenario.

The sixth option or ESC will return you to the main menu. From here, the first
option will allow you to select a scenario (with a character attached) to play.

In-game controls:

The ten-key pad is used for basic movement; the '5' key is used to wait.

The cursor keys will cause the character to automatically navigate to the
adjoining area in the direction pressed, if possible. The ten-key '0' key
also has some sort of minor automatic movement function.

The ten-key '*' key switches between 攻撃 and 防御 (offense and defense).

RLUP/RLDN adjust the meter between 行動速 and 疲労度; the further to the right,
the more fatigue will be incurred, but actions will also be faster relative
to others. The right side of the bar will turn magenta as fatigue increases.

INS displays the map.

HOME/CLR will open the camp menu and ESC will close it (and most other menus.)

The '-' key on the ten-key pad will open the 道具 menu if you possess any items.

The '+' key on the ten-key pad will open the 魔法 menu if you know any spells.

The '/' key on the ten-key pad will open the 装備 (equipment) menu.

Combat controls:

Space bar attacks, ten-key '*' changes 行動形態, and ten-key '0' pauses.



	Bubble Bobble / バブルボブル

Due to a bug, the Bomber, Parasol, and Time Stop items never appear.
The bug was fixed in the later release(s).

Hold down OPT.1 and type SYBUBBLUN at the title screen to enable a new game mode
in the configuration. Case matters: you must depress SHIFT or have CAPS enabled.
You will hear a sound effect if it worked. (This mini-game is pretty difficult
despite only being 20 stages long; however, normally you would have to finish
all 100 stages - no small feat - in order to learn the code to enable it.)


Advice:

Most of the puzzle stages require advanced bubble riding maneuvers
or utilizing air channels / solid areas in some non-obvious way.

Round 97: Nudge a lightning bubble to the right after it first descends and
it will take a different path. It is also possible to have a second player
boost you up through the solid part, but it's tricky.

Round S13: Release a bubble deep within the solid part on the right such that
it will float all the way up. You must ascend quickly through the center part
in order to catch the bubble and ride it into the space at the upper right.

Round S18: In keeping with the way you are expected to abuse game mechanics
to solve certain puzzles, it's worth mentioning that you can sometimes use
the stun effect to cross pits or enter solid areas. Riding bubbles is likely
going to be easier though.


Omake:

To create a music disk, put Bubble Bobble into A: and a formatted disk into B:
then type the following.

A:\OMAKE\GMTRNS

To listen to music, type the following. The commands are not case sensitive.

B:
CD \         (not necessary if you haven't changed the current directory for B:)
GMD68K -P270 (or -P64 if you don't have enough free RAM)

Type the following command to play a piece of music:

GMP -I FILE

...where FILE is the name of a music file with a .GMD extension. It is not
necessary to type the extension. The -I option is recommended because it
initializes everything before playing, but it is not critical.

When you have had enough, "GMP -F" will fade out the music.



	*Cotton / Fantastic Night Dreams Cotton / コットン

This game is HDD installable. The installer is named 'cotins.r' and it requires
two arguments: the drive letters of the drives containing Disk A and Disk B.
The game must be booted from Disk A even when installed.

Press Space / XF1 / Button A to insert credits, or Left / Right for options.

The seven keyboard LEDs light up in time with the music.

Additional RAM (notionally 4 MB) will be used to reduce disk loading.

The difficulty levels, from easiest to hardest, are as follows.

EASY / NORMAL / HARD / HARDEST / YOU DO!


The following notes are specific to the Beep re-release in 2019.

The original BEEP ED. mode replaces the EASY difficulty.

This edition lacks an installer; you must copy the contents of both disks
to a directory on your hard drive using CLI commands, such as the following:

COPYALL X:\*.* Y:\COTTON68

In the above example, X is the FDD drive letter, Y is the HDD drive letter,
and COTTON68 is the name of the installation directory. To play the game,
first "CD" to the installation drive/directory and then execute 'cot.r'
('bootcot.r' also seems to work; the manual is discrepant about this.)

Launching the game from within Human68k may require additional RAM.



	Daimakaimura / 大魔界村

The HSP versions of Mode 3 and Mode 4 use a vertical rate closer to 60 Hz
and are therefore approximately 9% faster than their non-HSP versions.

This game is HDD installable. Copy the contents of both disks into a directory
named 'daimakai' (not case sensitive) in the root of the HDD. You will still
need to boot from the System Disk.

This game supports GM MIDI.

The manual recommends a clock rate of 16 MHz or better.

Default keyboard controls:

U: Up
H: Left
K: Right
M: Down

XF1: Jump
XF2: Attack (hold to charge magic, if wearing gold armor)



	*Death Brade: Mutant Fighters / デス　ブレイド / デスブレイド

This game is HDD installable. The staff roll displays character animations only
when playing from a hard drive.

Two-player simultaneous play is only available in the competitive mode.

Keyboard controls:

        1P   2P
Up      U    8
Down    M    2
Left    H    4
Right   K    6
Kowaza  XF1  Left   (小技)
Oowaza  XF2  Right  (大技)

F1: Continue
F3: Insert coin
F5: Configuration (only available at the Game Select screen)

HDD installation:

Installation requires that every file from every disk be copied into a directory
named 'DEATH' located in the root directory of the HDD.

Start by booting Human. Next, insert the first disk into any drive and then
enter the following commands.

MKDIR       H:\DEATH   (where H: is the drive letter of the destination HDD)
COPY F:\*.* H:\DEATH   (where F: is the drive letter of the source FDD)

Repeat the last command for each disk in the set.

You will still need to boot the Program Disk in order to play from a hard drive.



	Death Bringer / DEATH-BRINGER / デス・ブリンガー

Boot Disk B in Drive 0 to create a user disk. You could use the original just to
start the game, but it is not writable and therefore the game cannot be saved.

A writable copy of Disk B seems to be functional as a user disk,
albeit with the main character's name replaced with 6 stars.

Mixing disks from different versions of the game will cause crashes.

For Music Mode, boot Disk A and hold down all four of the arrow keys plus
OPT.1 and OPT.2 while the Renovation logo fades out.

Keyboard controls:

Confirm: X  Space  OPT.1
 Cancel: Z XF2 XF3 OPT.2
  Debug:    Return

Both the arrow keys and ten-key pad can be used for movement.

Camp menu:

1: Display Status	１：状態の表示（じょうたいのひょうじ）
2: Equipment		２：装備（そうび）
3: Use			３：使用（しよう）
4: Change Formation	４：隊列の変更（たいれつのへんこう）
5: Rest			５：休息（きゅうそく）
6: Dismiss Member	６：仲間を外す（なかまをはずす）

Combat menu:

Offense  Magic  Defense   攻勢（こうせい）　　魔法（まほう）　防御（ぼうぎょ）
Retreat  Change Weapon    退却（たいきゃく）　武器交換（ぶきこうかん）

XM6: This game moves quicker when using a higher CPU clock rate.



	Detana!! TwinBee / 出たな!! ツインビー

F2 will switch to a 15 kHz screen mode. F1 will return to 31 kHz mode.

Press F3 to access the Configuration Screen. Press left or right while EXIT
is selected to leave.

The manual recommends running at a 10 MHz clock rate.

If MIDI support is detected, you must select the type of audio to use:

1:   FM (OPM)
2: MIDI (LA)
3: MIDI (GS)

Keyboard controls:

    U L R D Shot Missile
    ------- --- ---
1P: 8 4 6 2 XF4 XF5 (TwinBee)
2P: T F H V XF1 XF2  (WinBee)



	*Dino Land

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA?).



	*Dungeon Master

This game has an option to format a disk to be used as a user disk,
but any standard-format blank disk seems to function correctly.

Keyboard controls:

Turn left:  1
Forward:    2  Up
Turn right: 3
Left:       0  Left
Backward:   ,  Down
Right:      .  Right

The above controls only apply to the ten-key pad and cursor keys.

F1 - F4 will toggle the character inspection screen for each party member.
ENTER / Return will confirm certain dialogs.



	Emerald Dragon / エメラルドドラゴン

Hold down OPT.2 during the early part of the GLODIA logo to access Music Mode.



	Étoile Princesse / Etoile Princesse / エトワールプリンセス / エトワール・プリンセス / エト・プリ

Keyboard controls:

Attack: XF1 X Space 
  Jump: XF2 Z
  Menu: SHIFT

Any simultaneous combination of Jump and Attack inputs will also open the menu.

Press and hold Jump while in mid-air to run (requires an item).

A simple music piece not found in the sound test will play at the very end
of the game (おしまい) after a few seconds.



	Fantasm Soldier Valis II, The / Mugen Senshi Valis II / 夢幻戦士ヴァリスⅡ

Please play this game using a copy of Disk B rather than the original.

Press F5 during the Renovation logo or intro for a music mode wherein
you can play the selected song with Space, Return, or Enter.

Press Return to skip the intro.

The main menu has two options:
 イニシャルスタート (Initial Start)
  ロードスタート (Load Start)

Between stages, the save menu appears:
 データをセーブする。 (Save data.)
 データをセーブしない。 (Do not save data.)

Menus cannot be canceled; any recognized input will confirm the selection.

Keyboard controls:

Attack/Confirm: X or Space
Special/Cancel: Z or Return

Press F1 to enter the selection mode. Pressing any combination
of Down and Cancel - with the joystick and/or keyboard - also works.

Press HELP during the action parts of the game to toggle the 15 kHz mode.
The vertical refresh will be 6 Hz faster, but the entire screen won't fit.

The ten-key diagonals (1, 3, 7, 9) are functional.

During the earlier visual scenes, holding down Confirm will increase printing
speed temporarily. You may skip the visual scene by pressing Cancel or F5.

The keyboard controls for the later visual scenes are different: only Space
works to speed-up printing, and skipping is accomplished with Return or Enter.
The joystick controls function normally, however.

Specials:

DIFF temporarily freezes monsters.
INTEGRAL grants temporary invincibility.
EVADE reduces the number of enemies you encounter for a while.
CLASH damages on-screen enemies.



	Fantasy Zone / ファンタジーゾーン

Press 登録 before starting a game to enter (or exit) the configuration menu.

HELP will switch between 320x448 and 640x448 (24 kHz) once the game has loaded.

A blank disk in Drive 1 will function as a user disk, which is optional.



	Far Side Moon: The Earth Self-Defense Force / 地球防衛軍Ⅱ

The earliest versions of the Game Disk Master may contain a boot sector virus.
Booting from this disk, or a user disk derived from it, will infect your SRAM.
While this disk is not booted from when playing the game, forgetting to remove
it can cause it to infect your system the next time it starts up.

The virus-infected image has historically not been in common circulation.
XM6 Pro-68k is known to be immune if up-to-date.



	*Full Throttle

Fixed versions of this game load much faster and put significantly less strain
on the drive mechanics.



	Fushigi no Umi no Nadia / ふしぎの海のナディア

This game can utilize up to four drives. It is also HDD installable (Disk C).



	FZ Senki Axis / FZ戦記アクシス

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).



	Garou Densetsu Special / 餓狼伝説スペシャル

Hold SHIFT while booting Disk A to install to a hard drive. More detailed
instructions are below. This game is nigh unplayable until it is installed.

HDD installation (XM6):

Tools > Make a New SASI Fixed Disk
Set the capacity to 20 MB or more
Ensure "Do Logical Formatting" is enabled
Click OK
Tools > Options > SASI
Set number of drives to 1
Click the first item in the list and select the HDD image file you just created
Click OK
File > Reset (or Alt-R)

HDD installation (general):

Insert Disk A into Drive 0 and hold SHIFT until the HDD installer appears.
You can use the mouse or keyboard (the space bar substitutes for mouse clicks).

Select the line that looks similar to this: ○　Ｃ：　ＳＡＳＩ　ＨＤＤ　20636672 bytes.
If there is an X then that partition is not suitable for whatever reason.
If you don't see anything then the HDD was not detected.

Select はい (the top option) when you see よろしいですか？
Next you will see something like "C:\GAROU_SP" and このディレクトリにインストールします.
Select はい (the top option) and you will see インストールを開始します.
Select はい (the top option) once more to commence installation.
Whenever a disk is ejected, insert the next disk in the sequence.

After the last disk is installed, you will see インストールが終了しました
and a longer message telling you to insert Disk A into Drive 0
and reset while holding OPT.1 (which is only actually needed
if you configured your system to boot from a HDD).



	Gemini Wing / ジェミニウイング

Hold down one of the following keys as the game boots to enable MIDI:

F1: CM-32L or MT-32
F2: CM-64
F3: CM-64 + SN-U110-10 (Rock Drums) (expansion card)
F4: CM-64 + SN-U110-07 (Electric Guitar) (expansion card)



	Genocide / ジェノサイド

Do not press CPY or Return.



	Genpei Toumaden / 源平討魔伝（げんぺいとうまでん）

The on-screen indicators are described below.

徳	Virtue (score)
剣	Sword
銭	Zeni (currency)
命	Life (represented by candles)

The numerals are 〇一二三四五六七八九 although they look a little different in-game.

You may also see 毒 pop up, meaning poison.

You will need three special items to complete the game. They have their own
unique icons that appear in the lower-right part of the screen, except when
a major enemy's life bar is being displayed.



	Geograph Seal / ジオグラフシール

A writable copy of the System Disk will function as a user disk (not required).

General controls:

Press Fire and Jump simultaneously to enter the menu.
This combination will also skip cinematic scenes.

Fire twice in rapid succession to change weapons.

(Both of the above input commands can be disabled in the configuration.)

To change your vertical facing temporarily, hold down both Fire and Jump.
The directionals will then change your facing, including vertically.
Once you've started changing your direction, you will stay in this mode
until you release Jump; you can press or release Fire at will.

Joystick controls:

A: Jump
B: Fire

Additional buttons can be used to open the menu or pause.

Keyboard controls:

Jump: Z XF2
Fire: X XF1 Space

SHIFT: Menu
  ESC: Skip cinematic scenes / pause
 HELP: Toggle 15 kHz display mode

Debug controls:

 F1: Increase VALCAN  level (Max 4)
 F2: Increase LASER   level (Max 4)
 F3: Increase HORMING level (Max 4)
 F4: Increase RIAT    level (Max 4)
 BS: Reduce SHIELD
CLR: STAGE CLEAR
INS: Maximize SHIELD (while lit)



	Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu II / 銀河英雄伝説ＩＩ

Create a user disk by booting Disk A and skipping or watching the intro.
If the post-intro menu fails to appear, update your emulator or disable MIDI.

You can skip the intro entirely by booting Disk B with a user disk in Drive 1.

This game has serious MIDI problems, at least some of which have been found
to occur on real hardware.



	Gradius / グラディウス

After Human boots, start the game by double-clicking the GRADIUS.X icon.

Keyboard controls:

BRK: Return to OS
Space: Choose current menu item / end demonstration
Up/Down: Change main menu selection

Z: Power Up
X: Fire Bullet/Laser
C: Fire Missile

The controls are configurable. In the configuration mode, the first two options
are for Player 1 and Player 2 respectively. You will be given a chance to assign
keys for the following: Up, Down, Left, Right, Power Up, Bullet/Laser, Missile.

You can play different musical pieces by pressing keys A through L while the
game is paused, as long as the ひら (lower-left) and ローマ (above INS) keys are lit.
This may or may not work if other LEDs are lit or additional keys are depressed.
It even works when the game is paused in demonstration mode.

When GAME OVER appears, press Up, Down, Left, Right, Fire, Power Up, Up, Down
to continue the game. The keyboard is more reliable for this, since there will
not be any indication that it worked.



	Gradius II: Gofer no Yabou / Vulcan Venture / グラディウスⅡ GOFERの野望

To install to HDD, boot with the disks swapped (B in Drive 0, A in Drive 1).

Hold down the following keys while booting for the listed effect:

F8:  Play from HDD installation (still requires Disk A)
F9:  Utilize additional RAM (no disk loading during play)
F10: Arcade version

Keyboard controls:

Z: Missile
X: Shot
C: Power Up

F1: 1P start
F2: 2P start
F3: Insert coin (arcade)
F4: Configuration (X68000)
F5: Sound Mode (X68000)
F6: Toggle between 31 kHz and 15 kHz display modes
F7: Continue cancel

You can only continue in Vulcan Venture (USA) mode.



	Granada / MANEUVER CEPTER Granada / グラナダ

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).

Boot Disk III to skip the intro. (Disk II must be in the second drive.)

XM6: Fast Floppy causes a minor graphical glitch during the intro.



	Ground Master

This game requires a user disk. Select the third option at the main menu and
then the first option of the submenu. Next insert the Data Disk (B) into the
first drive and a blank disk into the second drive, then select the first
option to start the process (or the second option to cancel).

NOTE: There is no reason to ever insert the original Data Disk (B) except
when creating a user disk. Putting it in Drive 1 will only cause problems.

Once the user disk has been created, you will be instructed to insert it into
Drive 1 and return the System Disk (A) to Drive 0.

Prior to utilizing the user disk, you must create some playable characters.
Select the second option at the main menu and then the first option from the
submenu. (Be aware that the second option will delete characters and the third
option is for renaming them.)

Next you must type in a name. Then select the character's sex where the first
option is for male.

The next menu (種族) is for picking a race/tribe:

草原	Grasslands
森	Forest
砂漠	Desert
水辺	Seaside
洞窟	Cave
闇	The Dark

You are then given a chance to distribute bonus points by pressing 4 or 6,
which will affect your occupational choices in yet another menu. If there
are no viable career opportunities shown, press ESC to try again.

戦士	Warrior
魔導師	Sorcerer
僧侶	Priest
盗賊	Thief

Your character sheet will appear, looking vaguely like this:

ＡＧＥ／年齢
ＬＶＬ／階梯
　ＨＰ／体力
ＳＴＲ／強さ	ＤＥＦ／防御力
ＤＥＸ／機敏性	ＰＩＥ／信心性
ＬＵＣ／幸運	ＩＮＴ／知性
ＥＸＰ／経験値
　金 (money/gold)
食糧 (food/rations)

Finally, select the first option to confirm or the second to start over.

With your user disk in the second drive, select the first option at the
main menu to start the game. You can also learn about spells and such
in the archives with the final option. Try entering any of the following
magic words:

PMAGIC PSPELL TOKINO HISTOR MAGICF SORCRE ISYUMA PRIEST KANAMO ISMARS

The in-game menus are interpreted as follows.

メンバーを見る		View member(s)
　入る／出る		Enter / Exit
　　　捜す		Search
　ドアを開ける		Open door
　　ロードする		Load
　　セーブする		Save
隊列を変更する	Change formation
メニューにもどる		Return to main menu

道具を使う	Use item
魔法を使う	Use magic
金を集める	Gather money/gold
休憩する	Rest
　離れる	Dismiss

　使う	Use
捨てる	Discard
装備する	Equip
　渡す	Give

Shortcuts:

/	Search
*	View member(s)
=	Change formation



	Human68k Version 3.02

Hold SHIFT while booting to edit CONFIG.SYS

Hold OPT.1 and press OPT.2 to open/close the calculator.

Hold CTRL and OPT.1 and then press DEL to reboot. (Works in most games as well.)

Tab completion for file names is available, even if you haven't typed anything.



	IPL ROM

12 MB of RAM can cause the IPL routine to crash on startup due to a bug.
The crash should not occur if there is a disk in any drive.

The technical explanation is that it tries to dereference the pointer stored
at SRAM[$C] and, if successful, jumps to the address obtained. On most systems,
either an anticipated bus error occurs or it starts executing the SCSI ROM.
With the maximum 12 MB of RAM installed, the default pointer ($BFFFFC) will
no longer cause a bus error and the uninitialized value is jumped to.



	Ishin no Arashi / 維新の嵐

The opening can be skipped entirely by booting with Disk C in the second drive.

The main menu is interpreted as follows.

新しくゲームを始める	Start a new game
途中からゲームを始める	Resume a saved game (requires a data disk)
データ・ディスク作成	Create a data disk (used for saving the game)
維新サウンドモード	Listen to music and sampled sounds

To create a data disk, select the third option and insert a blank disk into the
second drive when prompted. The contents will be destroyed. Upon completion,
you will be prompted to reinsert Disk C.



	Knight Arms: The Hyblid Framer / KnightArms / ハイブリッドフレーマー ナイトアームズ

Keyboard controls:

SPACE: Attack
SHIFT: Turn (hold down while pressing one of eight directions)
BREAK: Self-destruct

Joystick controls:

A: Attack
B: Turn (with a direction)

Note that the valid directions for turning vary depending upon the orientation.

An analog CYBERSTICK can be used if first enabled in the configuration.
Its throttle can perform a few turning actions in the side-scrolling sections.

Items:

W: Wide Shot
H: Homing Shot
B: Power Bomb
P: Protector
R: Repair
SR: SND-R Side Neck Defense Unit - Right (Cindy)
SL: SND-L Side Neck Defense Unit - Left (Sandra)
K: KSND Killer Side Neck Defense Unit (Cassandra)



	*Kon'ya mo Asa made Powerful Mahjong 2 / Konyamo / 今夜も朝までパワフル麻雀２

Boot the User Disk for some hints.



	*Mahou Daisakusen / Magic Armageddon / 魔法大作戦

Press any direction at the title screen to access the options.



	Majinkyuu / 魔神宮

A writable copy of Disk B will function as a user disk.

The speed of this game is proportional to CPU power, due to poor programming.

This game takes a very long time to load. Once the title screen appears,
press ENTER or Return to open the main menu - other keys can cause problems.

You can only create one character - the rest of your party must be recruited.
Creating a new character is tantamount to starting a new game, except that
the world will not revert to its initial state. This may make it impossible
to finish the game if anything of significance was accomplished previously.
It is therefore safer to always make a new user disk when starting a new game.

Race and blood type together determine your initial stats as well as the range
of your initial height, weight, HP, and MP. (MP is useless for any character
you generate since they cannot use magic.)

Height and weight together determine the amount of food you consume. When your
food supply is exhausted, you will gradually lose HP. Tallness also makes you
easier to hit: short characters have better evasion.

WARNING: Manually reloading during the game can cause problems because only the
data concerning your party gets reloaded - any changes made to the world state
will not be reverted. For example, shops will still be out of stock even though
the items you purchased are no longer in your inventory.

Stats:

Intelligence: affects susceptibility to attack magic
Strength:     controls the amount of physical damage dealt
Dexterity:    is used for calculating initiative, running, and hit probability
Piety:        might not actually be used for anything
Charisma:     increases the probability of successfully parleying with monsters
Luck:         improves hit probability (versus monsters) by a random amount

Menu controls:

Select: ENTER Return
Cancel: 0 ESC
Next:   2 Down Space
Prev:   8 Up

F1, F2, F4, and F5 are quasi-useful in an unintentional way: they will select,
with a single key press, the next menu item.

Field controls:

Move: 2 4 6 8
Camp: C -

Almost any other key will cause you to wait for a short period of time.


Magic:

Progressive Spells:           (Required Wizard or Priest Magic Level)
Prefixes: AN  EN  MA  DI  ZA  (n/a)
Needle:   ANN ENN MAN DIN     (W0)
Fire:     ANF ENF MAF DIF ZAF (W1)
Ice:      ANI ENI MAI DII ZAI (W2)
Wind:     ANW ENW MAW DIW ZAW (W3)
Earth:    ANE ENE MAE DIE ZAE (W4)
Breath:   ANB ENB MAB DIB ZAB (P4)
Thunder:  ANT ENT MAT DIT     (P1, P1, P2, P2)
Heal:     ANH ENH MAH DIH ZAH (P0, P1, P2, P3, P3)
Defense:          MAD DID     (P0, P1)
(Anti-)Magic:     MAM DIM     (P2, P3)
Sleep:            MAS DIS     (P2, P3)
Light:    ANL ENL             (P0, W0)

Miscellaneous Spells:
(Turn) Undead:  MAU (P0)
(Cure) Poison:  ANP (P0)
(Cure) Control: ANC (P1)
(Cure) Death:   AND (P3) (NOTE: 'D' also stands for Defense - see above)

Type the three-letter spell name when prompted. The prefix usually indicates
the relative strength of the spell. The last character determines the effect.

Only Rondalf and Meistry can use magic. Absent cheating, some of the spells may
be forever beyond your ken in older versions of the game, due to coding errors.

XM6: Briefly enabling the No-Wait-MPU option makes the game load much faster.



	Marble Madness / マーブルマッドネス

Keyboard  Left: TFBH XF1/XF2
Keyboard Right: 8426 XF4/XF5

Press/click the acceleration key/button rapidly to speed up.



	Märchen Maze / Maerchen Maze / Marchen Maze / メルヘンメイズ

Press SHIFT and HELP after the game loads to access the Game Options screen.
From there, press F1 to cycle through various arcade-style test modes.
Press SHIFT and HELP to return to the title screen.

Keyboard controls:

XF2:   Jump
Space: Bubble (hold to charge)
登録:   Cycle through 4 display modes

To start the game, press Space for 1P Mode or XF2 for 2P Mode.
The ten-key diagonals (1, 3, 7, 9) are functional.

XM6: Loading picture corruption may be alleviated by disabling Fast Floppy.



	Mercury: The Prime Master

Please play this game using a copy of Disk A rather than the original.

The speed of this game is proportional to CPU power.

Keyboard controls:

F1: Action Menu
F2: Status Menu
F3: Item   Menu
F4: Magic  Menu
F5: Save   Menu
F6: Load   Menu
F7: System Menu

F9:  31 kHz mode (default)
F10: 24 kHz mode

CPY: Do not press this key
ESC: Activate menu bar, close menu
ENTER/Return: Select menu
Space: Advance text

Upon opening a menu, press the desired number (either key will work).

The ten-key pad is used for movement. There is an option (3) under the
System Menu to switch between two possible interpretations of the keys.
The alternate mode is more convenient albeit potentially confusing.

Option 2 under the Action Menu will toggle the auto-battle option.
It can also be activated during a battle by selecting 6 (自動戦闘へ).

This game can also be controlled with the mouse.



	Mid-Garts / MID-GARTS GOLD / ミッド・ガルツ

Boot Disk I to watch the intro or Disk II to skip it. In either case,
Disk II eventually needs to be inserted into Drive 0 to play the game.

XM6: Fast Floppy causes the intro to move too quickly at points.



	Morita Shougi II / 森田将棋Ⅱ / 森田将棋２

A user disk is completely optional. There is a user disk creation feature
but all it does is format the disk and add some directories.

This game supports playing over a modem.



	*Naious / ナイアス

HELP: Toggle 15 kHz display mode (the entire screen won't fit, however)



	NEMESIS '90 Kai / NEMESIS '90改 / ネメシス９０改 / ネメシス’９０改 / ＮＥＭＥＳＩＳ '９０改

Quad-channel PCM support requires at least 3 MB of RAM and a 16 MHz clock rate.

Press HELP to toggle the 15 kHz mode.



	New Zealand Story, The / THE NEWZEALAND STORY / ニュージーランドストーリー

Hold down HELP as the game boots to use the 15 kHz display mode.

The Key Assign mode operates by pressing Return followed by the desired key.

Press '!' (SHIFT-1) to quit the game and return to the main menu.
This doesn't work if the game is paused.

Fixed versions of this game load much faster and put significantly less strain
on the drive mechanics.



	*Niko² / NiKo² / NIKO²～にこにこ～

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).

Keyboard controls:

1P 2P
 8  R Up
 4  D Left
 6  G Right
 2  V Down
 ←  Z 壁出す
 →  X なぐる

Joystick controls:

B: 壁出す
A: なぐる



	Nobunaga no Yabou: Bushou Fuuunroku / 信長の野望 武将風雲録

Boot with Disk C in the second drive to skip the intro.

To create a user disk, select the third option on the first menu.
Next insert a blank disk into the second drive and press Return.
The user disk can be booted in place of Disk A.



	Overtake / オーバーテイク

A writable copy of Disk A makes for a convenient user disk, but any writable
disk that is properly formatted, and has sufficient space, should also work.

Regardless of the configuration, there is no BGM during "Quarify" (qualify),
which includes the initial lap of a Quick Race.

Press Return to exit from Test Run mode.

World Championship:

Space: PIT IN
SHIFT+HELP: RETIRE (end race)
コード入力 on: Display the name of the driver directly in front of you



	Pac-Mania / PACMANIA / ＰＡＣ・ＭＡＮＩＡ / パックマニア

Hold down HELP as the game boots to use a 15 kHz display mode.

Press F5 at any time to view or change the keyboard controls. To make changes,
press Return or ENTER followed by the desired key. Press ESC when finished.

To play Pac-Man, first boot Human OS and insert Pac-Mania into either drive.
Next type A: or B: depending on which drive the disk is in. Finally, enter
the commands listed below.

CD PACMAN
PAC.BAT



	Parodius Da! -Shinwa kara Owarai e- / パロディウスだ!―神話からお笑いへ―

Keyboard controls:

F1: 1P start
F2: 2P start
F3: Configuration

C: Capsule Power Up
X: Shot
Z: Missile / Bell Power Shot

Joystick controls:

A: Shot & Missile
B: Capsule Power Up
B: Bell Power Shot (while holding A)



	Power League / パワーリーグ

Keyboard controls:

BRK: Return to the main menu - ends a game or discards edits depending on mode
F1/F9: Next menu item, time out (only at specific points during a game)
F2/F10: Select menu item, exit from the "select edit team" screen

After selecting teams, moving the joystick will switch the team that bats first,
except during Pennant Mode.

Most of the game modes are self-explanatory. Winning a match in Pennant Mode
will earn you a password for the next game in the series (seven total).



	Reichsritter / ライヒスリッター

Disk A contains the opening. Boot Disk B (with Disk C in Drive 1) to skip it.

Please use a backup copy of Disk C instead of the original.



	Relics / レリクス

Additional drives can cause problems since the game assumes the RAM disk will
end up at C: and will blindly write to whatever was assigned that drive letter.
You probably don't want a bunch of game files written to the root of your HDD.



	Ring Master I: The Shadow of Filias. / RING MASTER / リングマスター１

This game requires you to create a Character Disk before playing.
To start the game, insert your Character Disk into the second drive
and select the main menu's third option. Press 'Y' when prompted.

Whenever you save or load the game, a window with パスワード確認 will appear.
This is the game's copy protection challenge. The low-contrast booklet
titled 魔法書 contains thousands of numerical triplets. You will be given
the first two numbers; you must look up and enter the third one.

The main menu is interpreted as follows.

キャラクター・ディスク作成	Create a Character Disk
ディスクのバックアップ	Back up disks
ゲームの開始		Start the game
終了		Quit

Some of the in-game commands/menus are translated below.

終了	Quit
 保存／終了	Save and quit
 破棄／終了	Quit without saving
 保存／継続	Save and continue


Customization:

This game is partially HDD installable. Instructions are in the next paragraph.

Copy the PIC directories to the HDD. Edit AUTOEXEC.BAT and change the PPATH
environment variable initialization line to include the full path to the
directory on the HDD. The file AUTOEXEC.HD is a notional example.

Using a RAM disk is also supported, but the procedure is more complicated.



	*Ryu: [Naki no Ryuu] yori / Ｒｙｕ『哭きの竜』より / Ｒｙｕ【哭きの竜】より

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).



	*Salamander / 沙羅曼蛇 / サラマンダ

Hold down HELP as the game boots to use the 15 kHz display mode.



	Soft de Hard na Monogatari / ソフトでハードな物語

User disks are sometimes referred to as ディスクＸ in the game's interface.



	*Silent Möbius: Case:Titanic / Mobius / Moebius / サイレントメビウス

This game is entirely mouse-driven. Either button will speed up text printing.

The map is interactive and affords a fast-travel feature.

Disk inventory:

1. 封印（ふういん）
2. 胎動（たいどう）
3. 呪縛（じゅばく）
4. 彷徨（ほうこう）
5. 叫喚（きょうかん）
6. 焦燥（しょうそう）
7. 鬼哭（きこく）

Characters:

香津美・リキュール (Katsumi Liqueur) Abilities: グラビトン、ブラスター、魔法、結界
レビア・マーベリック (Lebia Mavelick)  Abilities: グラビトン、ブラスター
彩弧 由貴 (Saiko, Yuki)        Abilities: グラビトン
キディ・フェニル (Kiddy Phenil)      Abilities: グラビトン、ブラスター、素手
闇雲 那魅 (Yamigumo, Nami)     Abilities: 結界、御神刀、お札・若水
ラリー・シャイアン (Rally Cheyenne)



	Sol-Feace / ソルフィース

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).



	Star Cruiser / スタークルーザー

Use a blank disk as a user disk.

Keyboard controls:

Confirm: Space Return Enter
 Cancel: Shift Escape

Press Cancel prior to starting the game for Control Mode and Test Mode.



	Star Luster / スターラスター

Controls:

SPACE: Fire photons (map mode) or beam (in combat)
XF2:   Warp (map mode) or accelerate (in combat)
OPT.1: Manually switch modes
OPT.2: Pause
CAPS:  Switch joystick between analog/digital

Joystick controls are similar but depend on the model.

Hold down SHIFT and HELP or OPT.1 and OPT.2 to return to the title screen.



	Street Fighter II' / ストリートファイターⅡダッシュ

This game will take advantage of extended RAM by pre-loading disks at the start.

The HSP versions of Mode 2 and Mode 3 use a vertical rate closer to 60 Hz
and are therefore approximately 9% faster than their non-HSP versions.
Mode 1 is a bit faster than all of them, being nearly 61.5 Hz.

XM6: Set the Main RAM configuration to at least 6 MB to pre-load all disks.



	Strider Hiryuu / ストライダー飛竜

For HDD installation, create a root subdirectory named STRIDER and copy every
file from every disk into it. You will still need to boot from the System Disk.



	Super Street Fighter II: The New Challengers / スーパーストリートファイターⅡ

This game requires a minimum of 4 MB of RAM. Additional RAM will be used to
pre-load disks prior to starting the game.

This game is HDD installable: run INST.X from the System Disk.

After installation, either boot the System Disk or run AUTOEXEC.BAT
from the SuperStreetFighter directory. In either case, the System Disk
must be in Drive 0.

XM6: Set the Main RAM configuration to at least 8 MB to pre-load all disks.



	Super Real Mahjong PIV / スーパーリアル麻雀ＰＩＶ

This game can utilize up to four drives. It is also HDD installable.

Press 登録 to enter Config Mode, F1 to insert a coin, F2 for the story mode,
and F5 for a versus mode. There are many additional keyboard/mouse controls.

The README notes that 2 MB of memory is barely enough when running from HDD.
You may need to reconfigure your system to free up enough RAM in that case.
It also implies that a 16 MHz or higher clock rate yields better results.

HDD Installation:

Insert the System Disk into Drive 0 and execute INSTALL.X with the destination
drive letter as an argument. You can also add the argument "-d" after the drive
letter to perform a "decoded" installation. The latter requires roughly 13 MB
whereas a standard installation only consumes around 9 MB.

The installer will create a subdirectory named SRMP4 to hold all the files.
The subdirectory will be created at the current directory of the hard drive,
so use the CD command to check that the destination directory is acceptable.

It is very important that the current drive is set to be Drive 0 before
launching the installer. (Type the floppy drive letter followed by a colon.)

The installer will print out some information and then pause. Press any key
to begin. You will be asked to insert every disk into Drive 0 sequentially.
If you did not set the current drive correctly, you will run into problems.

To run from a HDD, insert the System Disk into Drive 0 and then execute the
commands listed below.

X:         (where X is the letter of the drive where the installation resides)
CD SRMP4
SRMP4.BAT



	Sword of Legend Lenam / レナム

This game writes to the System Disk on every boot. You should make a copy
prior to running it and only use the backup copy. (It is not copy protected.)
The Opening Disk should also be copied, although it is less vulnerable.



	Syvalion / サイバリオン

Hold down the HELP key while booting to select the 31 kHz display mode.



	Tenkatouitsu / Tenka Touitsu / 天下統一

A writable copy of Game Disk 2 is effectively a user disk.

Create a user disk by clicking the icon in the lower corner at the main menu.
Insert Game Disk 2 into Drive 0 and a blank disk into Drive 1. You will then
be asked to confirm by clicking 是 (to the left) or cancel by clicking 否.
You will then be given a warning that the disk in Drive 1 will be formatted.
Click 是 once more to start the process. Afterwards, you will be prompted
to reinsert Game Disk 1 into Drive 0 and click the mouse to continue.



	Thunder Blade / サンダーブレード

Press F5 to enter the configuration mode.



	Video Game Anthology Vol. 2: Atomic Runner Chelnov / 戦う人間発電所 チェルノブ

The HELP key switches between 15 kHz (512x480) and 31 kHz (512x512).

F1: Configuration mode
F6: Insert coin
F8: One-player game
F9: Two-player game

A joystick with more than two buttons is recommended. You may need to adjust
the configuration in order to take advantage of the additional buttons.



	*Video Game Anthology Vol. 6: Buta-san / Butasan / ぶたさん

Press HELP to toggle the 15 kHz mode.

F1: Configuration mode
F6: Insert coin
F7: Insert coin
F8: One-player game
F9: Two-player game (simultaneous)



	Video Game Anthology Vol. 7: Dragon Buster / DRAGONBUSTER / ドラゴンバスター

The HELP key cycles through the display modes:

288x448 (default)
576x448 (nominally 24 kHz)
512x448



	Video Game Anthology Vol. 9: Argus no Senshi / Argos / Rygar / アルゴスの戦士

Keyboard controls:

F1: Configuration
F6: Insert coin
F7: Insert coin
F8: One-player game
F9: Two-player game

Attack: XF1 XF3 XF5 Space
  Jump: XF2 XF4
  Move: Ten-Key or Arrows

XM6: You may need to enable the No-Wait-MPU option in order to start the game.

To play a presumably enhanced version of Star Force, insert Volume 3 into the
second drive before booting Volume 9. You will then see a text menu. The first
option is Star Force, the second is Argus no Senshi.



	*Video Game Anthology Vol. 13: Baraduke / バラデューク

Keyboard controls:

F1: Configuration mode
F2: Test mode (press again to exit)
F6: Insert coin
F7: Insert coin
F8: One-player game
F9: Two-player game

The space bar and XF1 through XF5 can be all used to attack.
The arrow keys can be used for movement.

The HELP key cycles through the display modes:

288x448, 31.05 kHz, 59.59 Hz (default)
288x448, 31.50 kHz, 60.46 Hz
512x448, 15.98 kHz, 61.22 Hz
576x224, 15.98 kHz, 61.23 Hz
576x448, 24.98 kHz, 53.49 Hz

Hint: The boss of Floor 48 is killable; the method is a bit unconventional.



	Xenon 2: Megablast

Hold down 登録 as the game boots to use MIDI (LA).

The HELP key cycles the display between 31 kHz (default), 25 kHz, and 15 kHz.

The "special" game mode has different music and includes an ending of sorts.



	*Y2 / Ｙ２

There are no known-good disk images of this game.

There are no properly fixed disk images of this game.



	Yami no Ketsuzoku / The Predestined Homicides #1 / 闇の血族

Hold down F1 or F2 while booting to enable MIDI (MT-32 or CM-64 respectively).



	Ys / Ancient Ys Vanished / イース

Keyboard controls:

F1:     Load
F5:     Save
Space:  Use item, cancel
ENTER:  Status, confirm
Return: Status, confirm
R:      Read a book (requires レアの眼鏡)

Both the arrow keys and ten-key pad can be used for movement, which is unusual.

Advice:

You cannot return from the tower. Make sure you have the best equipment
money can buy, because your silver items will be confiscated temporarily.

Partway through the tower, you will need to break a pillar using the hammer
in order to advance. It's on the way to the room ルタ＝ジェンマ relocated to after
being broken out of custody.

If you receive the message 邪悪な力で封じこめられている when attempting to open the door
in ラドの塔, it's because アドル does not currently have the EVIL-RING equipped.
After this subplot concludes, you should go back and speak with ルタ＝ジェンマ.

Silver equipment is much more effective in the final battle against ダルク＝ファクト.

XM6: If the game crashes, try using a higher CPU clock rate.



	Ys: Wanderers from Ys / Ys III / Ys-III / ワンダラーズ フロム イース

Hold F10 while booting from the Scenario Disk to create a user disk and assign
the difficulty. A direct copy of the Scenario Disk itself seems serviceable
as a user disk set to normal difficulty.

Hold F9 while starting the game (i.e. immediately after exiting the intro)
to begin a new game. Normally it will automatically load the last saved game.

CAPS will toggle the text printing speed.

F1 opens the Load Menu, F4 the Save Menu.

Press 'I' for inventory, 'S' for status.

ENTER, XF1, and Return will all exit the inventory.

Press SHIFT (either key) to use the equipped item.

Space has the same functions as XF2, including switching inventory views.

Any of the above keys besides CAPS and F9/F10 will advance text, interestingly.

There are no known properly fixed disk images of this game. The problem won't
necessarily occur, however. If it does, you won't be able to get the 火竜の守り
from 火龍ギルン and will be stuck in the lava area. Starting over or modifying
the game state are the only options in that eventuality.



	Zan: Kagerou no Toki / 斬【ＺＡＮ】 ～陽炎の時代～（かげろうのとき）

Boot the Scenario Disk to make a copy, thereby keeping the original pristine.



